# Client-Dispatch - FedEx form-filling v1

Aims: To attempt using Python's python-dox module to automate filling of FedEx commercial invoice form. The latter is formerly a PDF document, which was required to be converted to a docx file. Note, also experimented converting this to a .xlsx file but poor results. Mixed results initially with converting to docx file using free online converters - tried smallpdf.com, nitro.com... eventually found that ilovepdf.com gave the best results. However, still had to make some modifications to template. Notably, central table containing "Description of goods column" required splitting into seperate rows. Also when using python scipt to parse document, row heights were found to increase causing tick box objects to move on to next page. First tried to alleviate this by putting table inside a text box and grouping this with tick boxes so that everything moves together. However, found that python-docx is not able to parse text boxes. So instead had to "lock" all row heights of table by setting all row-heights to "Exact" (Within Table Properties menu). The documents python_parse7.py and python_parse8.py attempt to parse the document table each time and find key headings such as "No. of packages" etc. and add data where appropiate based on row and column enumeration. However, this is very slow and inconsistent. Found through python_parse9.py, better to place "Markers" in document for the fields that want fill in or auto-fill. A function termed "python_parse_table" finds these Markers and their respective row and column coordinates. This can be run just once to scan the document and the coordinates used to auto-fill the form the next time the program is run and thereafter. 
